res/assets/gameBoard/GameBoardBackground.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
res/assets/gameBoard/GameBoardBackground.java:5:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
res/assets/gameBoard/GameBoardBackground.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
res/assets/gameBoard/GameBoardBackground.java:6:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
res/assets/gameBoard/GameBoardBackground.java:7:	Local variable 'fileName' could be declared final
res/assets/gameBoard/GameBoardBackground.java:9:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
res/assets/gameCard/GameCardAssets.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
res/assets/gameCard/GameCardAssets.java:8:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
res/assets/gameCard/GameCardAssets.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
res/assets/gameCard/GameCardAssets.java:11:	Parameter 'gameCard' is not assigned and could be declared final
res/assets/gameCard/GameCardAssets.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
res/assets/gameCard/GameCardAssets.java:12:	Local variable 'fileName' could be declared final
res/assets/gameCard/GameCardAssets.java:13:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'inputStream' (lines '13'-'15').
res/assets/gameCard/GameCardAssets.java:15:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
res/assets/gameCard/GameCardAssets.java:16:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
res/assets/gameCard/GameCardAssets.java:17:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
res/assets/gameCard/GameCardAssets.java:21:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
res/assets/player/icons/PlayerColorAssets.java:11:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
res/assets/player/icons/PlayerColorAssets.java:13:	Parameter 'playerColor' is not assigned and could be declared final
res/assets/player/icons/PlayerColorAssets.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
res/assets/player/icons/PlayerColorAssets.java:14:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileName' (lines '14'-'16').
res/assets/player/icons/PlayerColorAssets.java:14:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileName' (lines '14'-'17').
res/assets/player/icons/PlayerColorAssets.java:14:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileName' (lines '14'-'18').
res/assets/player/icons/PlayerColorAssets.java:14:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'fileName' (lines '14'-'19').
res/assets/player/icons/PlayerColorAssets.java:15:	Switch statements should have a default label
res/assets/player/icons/PlayerColorAssets.java:22:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:9:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:17:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:21:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:26:	Parameter 'angle' is not assigned and could be declared final
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:26:	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:28:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:31:	Local variable 'color' could be declared final
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:33:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'resName' (lines '33'-'35').
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:33:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'resName' (lines '33'-'37').
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:50:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'angle'.
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:50:	Parameter 'angle' is not assigned and could be declared final
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:50:	Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:52:	Switch statements should have a default label
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:53:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:54:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:55:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:56:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:59:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:60:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:71:	Parameter 'ressource' is not assigned and could be declared final
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:72:	Local variable 'inputStream' could be declared final
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:74:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
res/assets/player/tokens/PlayerTokenAssets.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
res/assets/test/ImageImportTest.java:6:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
res/assets/test/ImageImportTest.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
res/assets/test/ImageImportTest.java:7:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
res/assets/test/ImageImportTest.java:7:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
res/assets/test/ImageImportTest.java:8:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
res/assets/test/ImageImportTest.java:8:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
res/assets/test/ImageImportTest.java:8:	System.out.println is used
res/assets/test/ImageImportTest.java:10:	Comment is too large: Line too long
res/assets/test/ImageImportTest.java:11:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/application/Main.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'view.LoadViewController'
src/application/Main.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.scene.layout.BorderPane'
src/application/Main.java:24:	Avoid short class names like Main
src/application/Main.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/application/Main.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/application/Main.java:30:	Parameter 'primaryStage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/application/Main.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/application/Main.java:33:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '33'-'36').
src/application/Main.java:34:	Local variable 'fxmlLoader' could be declared final
src/application/Main.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/application/Main.java:36:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '36'-'58').
src/application/Main.java:37:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/application/Main.java:38:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/application/Main.java:40:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/application/Main.java:43:	Local variable 'mainController' could be declared final
src/application/Main.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/application/Main.java:46:	Local variable 'scene' could be declared final
src/application/Main.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/application/Main.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/application/Main.java:55:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/application/Main.java:56:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/application/Main.java:62:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/application/Main.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/application/Main.java:69:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/application/Main.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/AIController.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'model.Onitama'
src/controller/AIController.java:13:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/controller/AIController.java:13:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/controller/AIController.java:13:	The class 'AIController' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/controller/AIController.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/AIController.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/AIController.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/AIController.java:20:	Parameter 'onitamaController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/AIController.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/AIController.java:25:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '25'-'42').
src/controller/AIController.java:25:	Parameter 'gameMove' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:25:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:25:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/AIController.java:26:	Avoid excessively long variable names like movementController
src/controller/AIController.java:26:	Local variable 'movementController' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:27:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'playerController' (lines '27'-'55').
src/controller/AIController.java:27:	Local variable 'playerController' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:28:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'playerCount' (lines '28'-'44').
src/controller/AIController.java:28:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'playerCount' (lines '28'-'55').
src/controller/AIController.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/AIController.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:31:	Local variable 'currentPlayer' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:32:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'players' (lines '32'-'55').
src/controller/AIController.java:32:	Local variable 'players' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:33:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/controller/AIController.java:33:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'winningPositions' (lines '33'-'55').
src/controller/AIController.java:33:	Local variable 'winningPositions' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/AIController.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/AIController.java:35:	Local variable 'gameBoard' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:36:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/controller/AIController.java:36:	Local variable 'destination' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:40:	Local variable 'player' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:42:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/controller/AIController.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:48:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/AIController.java:48:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/controller/AIController.java:48:	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/controller/AIController.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/AIController.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:51:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/AIController.java:51:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/controller/AIController.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:57:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'enemyMove' (lines '57'-'62').
src/controller/AIController.java:57:	Parameter 'gameMove' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:57:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:57:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/AIController.java:58:	Local variable 'nextState' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/AIController.java:59:	Local variable 'nextPlayer' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/AIController.java:60:	Local variable 'allEnemyMoves' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/AIController.java:61:	Local variable 'enemyMove' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:63:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/AIController.java:68:	Parameter 'gameMove' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:68:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:68:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/AIController.java:70:	Avoid excessively long variable names like movementController
src/controller/AIController.java:70:	Local variable 'movementController' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:73:	Local variable 'gameBoard' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:74:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/controller/AIController.java:74:	Local variable 'destination' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:76:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/AIController.java:76:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/controller/AIController.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:82:	Parameter 'newGamestate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:82:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/AIController.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '83'-'102').
src/controller/AIController.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '83'-'99').
src/controller/AIController.java:83:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '83'-'114').
src/controller/AIController.java:84:	Local variable 'playerCont' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:86:	Local variable 'playerMaster' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/AIController.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/AIController.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/AIController.java:91:	Local variable 'enemyMaster' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:92:	Avoid excessively long variable names like playerStartPosition
src/controller/AIController.java:92:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/controller/AIController.java:92:	Local variable 'playerStartPosition' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:93:	Avoid excessively long variable names like enemyStartPosition
src/controller/AIController.java:93:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/controller/AIController.java:93:	Local variable 'enemyStartPosition' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:94:	Local variable 'newGameBoard' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:95:	Local variable 'playerDistance' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:96:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'enemyDistance' (lines '96'-'114').
src/controller/AIController.java:96:	Local variable 'enemyDistance' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:104:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/controller/AIController.java:107:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/controller/AIController.java:111:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/AIController.java:116:	Parameter 'newGamestate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:116:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:116:	The method 'valueFunction' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/controller/AIController.java:116:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/AIController.java:117:	Local variable 'playerCont' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:118:	Local variable 'moveCont' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:119:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '119'-'128').
src/controller/AIController.java:119:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '119'-'131').
src/controller/AIController.java:120:	Local variable 'playerToken' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/AIController.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/AIController.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/AIController.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/AIController.java:125:	Avoid excessively long variable names like gameStateController
src/controller/AIController.java:125:	Local variable 'gameStateController' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:126:	Local variable 'winningPlayers' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:137:	Local variable 'enemyTokenAfter' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/AIController.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:150:	Avoid excessively long variable names like possibleMovesPlayer
src/controller/AIController.java:150:	Local variable 'possibleMovesPlayer' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/AIController.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:151:	Avoid excessively long variable names like possibleMovesEnemy
src/controller/AIController.java:151:	Local variable 'possibleMovesEnemy' could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/AIController.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/AIController.java:159:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/controller/AIController.java:159:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/controller/AIController.java:159:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/controller/AIController.java:159:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/controller/AIController.java:159:	Parameter 'vector1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:159:	Parameter 'vector2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/AIController.java:159:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/GameStateController.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'model.GameToken'
src/controller/GameStateController.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/GameStateController.java:30:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/GameStateController.java:32:	Parameter 'onitamaController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:40:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:41:	Local variable 'gameStates' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:42:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'elementAt' (lines '42'-'58').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:50:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'elementAt' (lines '50'-'58').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:56:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/controller/GameStateController.java:60:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'appendGameState(GameState)'.
src/controller/GameStateController.java:60:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:61:	Local variable 'gameStates' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:70:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:73:	Parameter 'currentPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:73:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:74:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextPlayer' (lines '74'-'102').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:74:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextPlayer' (lines '74'-'82').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:74:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextPlayer' (lines '74'-'85').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:74:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextPlayer' (lines '74'-'88').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:74:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextPlayer' (lines '74'-'91').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:74:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextPlayer' (lines '74'-'99').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:75:	Local variable 'playerColor' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:76:	Local variable 'allPlayers' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'potentialPlayer' (lines '77'-'101').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'potentialPlayer' (lines '77'-'81').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'potentialPlayer' (lines '77'-'84').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'potentialPlayer' (lines '77'-'87').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'potentialPlayer' (lines '77'-'90').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'potentialPlayer' (lines '77'-'98').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:77:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'potentialPlayer' (lines '77'-'113').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:79:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/controller/GameStateController.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:80:	Switch statements should have a default label
src/controller/GameStateController.java:81:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/controller/GameStateController.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:82:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextPlayer' (lines '82'-'102').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:82:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextPlayer' (lines '82'-'99').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/controller/GameStateController.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:85:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextPlayer' (lines '85'-'102').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:85:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextPlayer' (lines '85'-'99').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:87:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/controller/GameStateController.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:88:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextPlayer' (lines '88'-'102').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:88:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextPlayer' (lines '88'-'99').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:90:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/controller/GameStateController.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:91:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextPlayer' (lines '91'-'102').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:91:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextPlayer' (lines '91'-'99').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:97:	A switch statement does not contain a break
src/controller/GameStateController.java:98:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/controller/GameStateController.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:101:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/controller/GameStateController.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:104:	System.out.println is used
src/controller/GameStateController.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:109:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/GameStateController.java:120:	Parameter 'gameMove' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:120:	Parameter 'oldGameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:122:	Local variable 'newGameState' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:125:	Local variable 'currentPlayer' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:128:	Local variable 'currentGameboard' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:131:	Local variable 'roundNumber' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:135:	Local variable 'cardDistribution' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentPlayerCards
src/controller/GameStateController.java:136:	Local variable 'currentPlayerCards' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:137:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/GameStateController.java:141:	Local variable 'usedMove' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:142:	Local variable 'freeCard' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:149:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/GameStateController.java:158:	Local variable 'nextPlayer' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:161:	Local variable 'newGameBoard' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:177:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:178:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/controller/GameStateController.java:178:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'winningPlayers' (lines '178'-'201').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:178:	Local variable 'winningPlayers' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:180:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/controller/GameStateController.java:183:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/controller/GameStateController.java:183:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'winningRound' (lines '183'-'201').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:183:	Local variable 'winningRound' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:184:	Local variable 'winningPosition' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:185:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/controller/GameStateController.java:185:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'winningMaster' (lines '185'-'201').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:185:	Local variable 'winningMaster' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:188:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/GameStateController.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:192:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/GameStateController.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:196:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/GameStateController.java:198:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'winningPlayers'
src/controller/GameStateController.java:204:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/GameStateController.java:208:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '208'-'220').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:208:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:209:	Local variable 'roundNumber' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:210:	Local variable 'maxMoves' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:211:	Local variable 'winningPlayers' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:213:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/GameStateController.java:215:	Avoid excessively long variable names like gameboardController
src/controller/GameStateController.java:215:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gameboardController' (lines '215'-'230').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:215:	Local variable 'gameboardController' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:216:	Local variable 'potentialWinners' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:217:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'winnerTokenCount' (lines '217'-'230').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:219:	Local variable 'player' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:220:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:222:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'winnerTokenCount' (lines '222'-'230').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:233:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/GameStateController.java:237:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '237'-'242').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:237:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:238:	Local variable 'potentialWinners' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:238:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:239:	Local variable 'winningPlayers' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:240:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gameBoard' (lines '240'-'247').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:240:	Local variable 'gameBoard' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:241:	Local variable 'player' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:250:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/GameStateController.java:254:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:255:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gameBoard' (lines '255'-'276').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:255:	Local variable 'gameBoard' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:255:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:255:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:255:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:256:	Local variable 'potentialWinners' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:256:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:256:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:258:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maximum' (lines '258'-'263').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:260:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '260'-'266').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:260:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '260'-'276').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:261:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:262:	Local variable 'var' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:262:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:262:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:265:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/controller/GameStateController.java:266:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '266'-'266').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:266:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '266'-'276').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:268:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/controller/GameStateController.java:269:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/GameStateController.java:271:	Local variable 'winningPlayer' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:272:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:288:	Parameter 'onitamaController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:292:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:292:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/GameStateController.java:293:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'oldGameState' (lines '293'-'301').
src/controller/GameStateController.java:293:	Local variable 'oldGameState' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:293:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:293:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:294:	Local variable 'gameStates' could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:294:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:294:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:295:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:296:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:296:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameStateController.java:303:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/GameStateController.java:307:	Parameter 'newGameStateAUI' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameStateController.java:307:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/GameboardController.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/GameboardController.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/GameboardController.java:15:	Parameter 'onitamaController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameboardController.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/GameboardController.java:26:	Parameter 'gameBoardParam' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameboardController.java:26:	Parameter 'gameMove' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameboardController.java:27:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/GameboardController.java:29:	Local variable 'gameBoard' could be declared final
src/controller/GameboardController.java:30:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/controller/GameboardController.java:30:	Local variable 'newMove' could be declared final
src/controller/GameboardController.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameboardController.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameboardController.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameboardController.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameboardController.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameboardController.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameboardController.java:47:	Parameter 'gameBoard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameboardController.java:47:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameboardController.java:48:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'counter' (lines '48'-'54').
src/controller/GameboardController.java:51:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/controller/GameboardController.java:51:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/controller/GameboardController.java:51:	Local variable 'position' could be declared final
src/controller/GameboardController.java:52:	Local variable 'currentToken' could be declared final
src/controller/GameboardController.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameboardController.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameboardController.java:54:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'counter' (lines '54'-'54').
src/controller/GameboardController.java:67:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'vector' (lines '67'-'70').
src/controller/GameboardController.java:67:	Parameter 'gameBoard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameboardController.java:67:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameboardController.java:68:	Local variable 'winningPositions' could be declared final
src/controller/GameboardController.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameboardController.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameboardController.java:69:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/controller/GameboardController.java:69:	Local variable 'vector' could be declared final
src/controller/GameboardController.java:70:	Local variable 'currentToken' could be declared final
src/controller/GameboardController.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameboardController.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameboardController.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameboardController.java:72:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/controller/GameboardController.java:73:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/GameboardController.java:85:	Parameter 'gameBoard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameboardController.java:85:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameboardController.java:88:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/controller/GameboardController.java:88:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/controller/GameboardController.java:88:	Local variable 'position' could be declared final
src/controller/GameboardController.java:89:	Local variable 'currentToken' could be declared final
src/controller/GameboardController.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameboardController.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/GameboardController.java:95:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/controller/GameboardController.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameboardController.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/GameboardController.java:99:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/GameboardController.java:103:	Parameter 'onitamaController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/GameboardController.java:103:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:18:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:23:	Private field 'onitamaController' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:29:	Parameter 'onitamaController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:35:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:38:	Parameter 'game' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:41:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'countEntries' (lines '41'-'53').
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:41:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'countEntries' (lines '41'-'66').
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:42:	Local variable 'players' could be declared final
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:43:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'playerCount' (lines '43'-'66').
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:43:	Local variable 'playerCount' could be declared final
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:44:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'highScoreList' (lines '44'-'66').
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:44:	Local variable 'highScoreList' could be declared final
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:51:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:51:	Local variable 'highScoreEntry' could be declared final
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:72:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:74:	Parameter 'game' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:74:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:76:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'highScoreEntry' (lines '76'-'88').
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:76:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'highScoreEntry' (lines '76'-'92').
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:76:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'highScoreEntry' (lines '76'-'95').
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:76:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'highScoreEntry' (lines '76'-'98').
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:79:	Local variable 'gameStates' could be declared final
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:84:	Avoid using equals() to compare against null
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:86:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:104:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:110:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:116:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:128:	Local variable 'highScoreList' could be declared final
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:129:	Local variable 'stream' could be declared final
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:133:	System.err.println is used
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:134:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:143:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'highScoreList' (lines '143'-'147').
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:146:	Local variable 'stream' could be declared final
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:152:	System.out.println is used
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:154:	System.err.println is used
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:156:	System.err.println is used
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:157:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:167:	Parameter 'playerCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:169:	Local variable 'highScoreList' could be declared final
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:184:	Local variable 'highScoreList' could be declared final
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:187:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/HighscoreController.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/MovementController.java:18:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/MovementController.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/MovementController.java:22:	Parameter 'onitamaController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/MovementController.java:26:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/controller/MovementController.java:29:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/MovementController.java:36:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'gameCard' (lines '36'-'48').
src/controller/MovementController.java:36:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'gameToken' (lines '36'-'48').
src/controller/MovementController.java:36:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:36:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:38:	Local variable 'possibleMovements' could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:39:	Local variable 'playerController' could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/MovementController.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like gameTokensOfPlayer
src/controller/MovementController.java:42:	Local variable 'gameTokensOfPlayer' could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/MovementController.java:43:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gameCardsOfPlayer' (lines '43'-'57').
src/controller/MovementController.java:43:	Local variable 'gameCardsOfPlayer' could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/MovementController.java:44:	Local variable 'gameToken' could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:46:	Local variable 'gameCard' could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:54:	A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/controller/MovementController.java:54:	Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/controller/MovementController.java:54:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/controller/MovementController.java:61:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/MovementController.java:63:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/MovementController.java:66:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'gameCard' (lines '66'-'74').
src/controller/MovementController.java:66:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:66:	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:68:	Local variable 'possibleMovements' could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/MovementController.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/MovementController.java:71:	Local variable 'gameCardOfPlayer' could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/MovementController.java:72:	Local variable 'gameCard' could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:78:	A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/controller/MovementController.java:78:	Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/controller/MovementController.java:78:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/controller/MovementController.java:85:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/MovementController.java:89:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'gameToken' (lines '89'-'110').
src/controller/MovementController.java:89:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '89'-'98').
src/controller/MovementController.java:89:	Parameter 'card' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:89:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:91:	Local variable 'possibleMovements' could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:92:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'playerOfCard' (lines '92'-'101').
src/controller/MovementController.java:93:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cardDistribution' (lines '93'-'119').
src/controller/MovementController.java:93:	Local variable 'cardDistribution' could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:94:	Local variable 'players' could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:95:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gameCardsOfPlayer' (lines '95'-'98').
src/controller/MovementController.java:95:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gameCardsOfPlayer' (lines '95'-'119').
src/controller/MovementController.java:96:	Local variable 'player' could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/MovementController.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/MovementController.java:107:	Local variable 'gameTokens' could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/MovementController.java:108:	Local variable 'gameToken' could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:114:	A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/controller/MovementController.java:114:	Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/controller/MovementController.java:114:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/controller/MovementController.java:124:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/MovementController.java:126:	Parameter 'gameMove' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:126:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:128:	Local variable 'selectedCard' could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:129:	Local variable 'movedToken' could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:130:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'destination' (lines '130'-'154').
src/controller/MovementController.java:130:	Local variable 'destination' could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/MovementController.java:131:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/controller/MovementController.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/MovementController.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/MovementController.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/MovementController.java:133:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/MovementController.java:135:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/controller/MovementController.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/MovementController.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/MovementController.java:137:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/MovementController.java:139:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/controller/MovementController.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/MovementController.java:141:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/MovementController.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/MovementController.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/MovementController.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/MovementController.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/MovementController.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/MovementController.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/MovementController.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/MovementController.java:145:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/MovementController.java:148:	A catch statement that catches an exception only to rethrow it should be avoided.
src/controller/MovementController.java:148:	Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/controller/MovementController.java:148:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/controller/MovementController.java:162:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'movement' (lines '162'-'171').
src/controller/MovementController.java:162:	Parameter 'gameCard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:162:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:162:	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:165:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/controller/MovementController.java:167:	Local variable 'possibleMovements' could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:168:	Avoid excessively long variable names like possibleMovementsOfGamecard
src/controller/MovementController.java:168:	Local variable 'possibleMovementsOfGamecard' could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:169:	Local variable 'movement' could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:171:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/controller/MovementController.java:171:	Local variable 'newGameMove' could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:180:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/MovementController.java:184:	Parameter 'onitamaController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/MovementController.java:184:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/NewGameController.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Arrays'
src/controller/NewGameController.java:15:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/NewGameController.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/NewGameController.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/controller/NewGameController.java:18:	Perhaps 'fileScanner' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/controller/NewGameController.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/NewGameController.java:24:	Parameter 'onitmaController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:32:	Local variable 'game' could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:33:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/controller/NewGameController.java:34:	System.out.println is used
src/controller/NewGameController.java:35:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/controller/NewGameController.java:36:	System.out.println is used
src/controller/NewGameController.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:44:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/NewGameController.java:46:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '46'-'51').
src/controller/NewGameController.java:46:	Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:46:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:46:	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:47:	Local variable 'currentGame' could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:48:	Local variable 'currentPlayers' could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:49:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'colorIndex' (lines '49'-'52').
src/controller/NewGameController.java:50:	Local variable 'player' could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:52:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'colorIndex' (lines '52'-'52').
src/controller/NewGameController.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:58:	Local variable 'player' could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:70:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'players' (lines '70'-'70').
src/controller/NewGameController.java:70:	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:72:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/controller/NewGameController.java:78:	Local variable 'currentGame' could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:79:	Local variable 'players' could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:81:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/controller/NewGameController.java:81:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cardDistribution' (lines '81'-'120').
src/controller/NewGameController.java:81:	Local variable 'cardDistribution' could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:82:	Useless parentheses.
src/controller/NewGameController.java:83:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/controller/NewGameController.java:83:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'player1' (lines '83'-'120').
src/controller/NewGameController.java:83:	Local variable 'player1' could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:84:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/controller/NewGameController.java:84:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'player2' (lines '84'-'120').
src/controller/NewGameController.java:84:	Local variable 'player2' could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:85:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'playerOneCards' (lines '85'-'120').
src/controller/NewGameController.java:85:	Local variable 'playerOneCards' could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:86:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'playerTwoCards' (lines '86'-'120').
src/controller/NewGameController.java:86:	Local variable 'playerTwoCards' could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:91:	Local variable 'nextCardString' could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:92:	Local variable 'nextCard' could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:96:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/controller/NewGameController.java:108:	Local variable 'nextCardString' could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:109:	Local variable 'nextCard' could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:126:	Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:128:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/NewGameController.java:130:	Local variable 'currentGame' could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:141:	Parameter 'maxMove' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:145:	Local variable 'currentGame' could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:153:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:154:	Local variable 'currentGame' could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:155:	Local variable 'players' could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameController.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/NewGameController.java:172:	Parameter 'onitamaController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/NewGameStateAUI.java:9:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/NewGameStateAUI.java:19:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/controller/NewGameStateAUI.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/NewGameStateAUI.java:22:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/controller/NewGameStateAUI.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/NewGameStateAUI.java:25:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/controller/NewGameStateAUI.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:9:	Avoid duplicate imports such as 'model.GameMove'
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'model.Vector'
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:21:	Perhaps 'gameState' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:25:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:25:	Parameter 'onitamaController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:30:	Avoid excessively long variable names like _gameStateNEVERUSE
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:30:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_gameStateNEVERUSE' is not final.
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:30:	Parameter '_gameStateNEVERUSE' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:33:	Local variable 'possibleMoves' could be declared final
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:34:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:35:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:35:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'allElseFailsMove' (lines '35'-'49').
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:35:	Local variable 'allElseFailsMove' could be declared final
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:36:	Local variable 'iterator' could be declared final
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:37:	Local variable 'currentMove' could be declared final
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:39:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:44:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:44:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:46:	Local variable 'randomPosition' could be declared final
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:55:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/NoviceAIController.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.nio.file.Files'
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.stage.FileChooser'
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:14:	Avoid unused imports such as 'model.HighScoreList'
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:17:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like gameboardController
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:21:	Avoid excessively long variable names like gameStateController
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like highscoreController
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like movementController
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:32:	Avoid excessively long variable names like noviceAIController
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like senseiAIController
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like zenMasterAIController
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:40:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'filePath' is not all capitals.
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:59:	Parameter 'game' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:59:	Parameter 'slot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:62:	Local variable 'stream' could be declared final
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:66:	System.err.println is used
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:67:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:72:	Parameter 'slot' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:74:	Local variable 'stream' could be declared final
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:75:	Local variable 'game' could be declared final
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:79:	System.err.println is used
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:81:	System.err.println is used
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:82:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:87:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:88:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'savedGames' (lines '88'-'96').
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:90:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:90:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:93:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:93:	Local variable 'stream' could be declared final
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:94:	Local variable 'game' could be declared final
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:96:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'savedGames' (lines '96'-'96').
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:98:	System.err.println is used
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:100:	System.err.println is used
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:101:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:109:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:113:	Avoid excessively long variable names like gameboardController
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:113:	Parameter 'gameboardController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:113:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:117:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:121:	Avoid excessively long variable names like gameStateController
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:121:	Parameter 'gameStateController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:121:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:125:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:129:	Parameter 'playerController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:129:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:133:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:137:	Avoid excessively long variable names like highscoreController
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:137:	Parameter 'highscoreController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:137:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:141:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:145:	Avoid excessively long variable names like movementController
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:145:	Parameter 'movementController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:145:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:149:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:153:	Parameter 'newGameController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:153:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:157:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:161:	Avoid excessively long variable names like noviceAIController
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:161:	Parameter 'noviceAIController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:161:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:165:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:169:	Avoid excessively long variable names like senseiAIController
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:169:	Parameter 'senseiAIController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:169:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:173:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:177:	Avoid excessively long variable names like zenMasterAIController
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:177:	Parameter 'zenMasterAIController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:177:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:181:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:185:	Parameter 'onitama' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/OnitamaController.java:185:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/PlayerController.java:4:	Avoid duplicate imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/controller/PlayerController.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/PlayerController.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/PlayerController.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/PlayerController.java:20:	Parameter 'onitamaController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/PlayerController.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/PlayerController.java:24:	Parameter 'onitamaController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/PlayerController.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/PlayerController.java:28:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'token' (lines '28'-'33').
src/controller/PlayerController.java:28:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'tokenArray' (lines '28'-'32').
src/controller/PlayerController.java:28:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/PlayerController.java:28:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/PlayerController.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/PlayerController.java:29:	Local variable 'board' could be declared final
src/controller/PlayerController.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/PlayerController.java:30:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/controller/PlayerController.java:31:	Local variable 'tokenArray' could be declared final
src/controller/PlayerController.java:32:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/controller/PlayerController.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/PlayerController.java:41:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/PlayerController.java:41:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/PlayerController.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/PlayerController.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/PlayerController.java:42:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/controller/PlayerController.java:45:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '45'-'50').
src/controller/PlayerController.java:45:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '45'-'63').
src/controller/PlayerController.java:45:	Parameter 'newGameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/PlayerController.java:45:	Parameter 'oldGameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/PlayerController.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/PlayerController.java:46:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/controller/PlayerController.java:47:	Local variable 'allPlayers' could be declared final
src/controller/PlayerController.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/PlayerController.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/PlayerController.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like alivePlayersOldGameState
src/controller/PlayerController.java:48:	Local variable 'alivePlayersOldGameState' could be declared final
src/controller/PlayerController.java:49:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/controller/PlayerController.java:55:	Avoid excessively long variable names like alivePlayersNewGameState
src/controller/PlayerController.java:55:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'alivePlayersNewGameState' (lines '55'-'69').
src/controller/PlayerController.java:55:	Local variable 'alivePlayersNewGameState' could be declared final
src/controller/PlayerController.java:56:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/controller/PlayerController.java:62:	Local variable 'player' could be declared final
src/controller/PlayerController.java:71:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'token' (lines '71'-'75').
src/controller/PlayerController.java:71:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/PlayerController.java:71:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/PlayerController.java:71:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/PlayerController.java:72:	Local variable 'tokenList' could be declared final
src/controller/PlayerController.java:73:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'playerMaster' (lines '73'-'76').
src/controller/PlayerController.java:74:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/controller/PlayerController.java:76:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'playerMaster' (lines '76'-'76').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'model.GameBoard'
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'model.GameToken'
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'model.Vector'
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:16:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:16:	Parameter 'onitamaController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:21:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'move' (lines '21'-'36').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:21:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'simulatedMove' (lines '21'-'43').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:21:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:22:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rand' (lines '22'-'65').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:22:	Local variable 'rand' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:23:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'start' (lines '23'-'65').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:24:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxVal' (lines '24'-'65').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:25:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'actBest' (lines '25'-'65').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:25:	Local variable 'actBest' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:26:	Local variable 'currentPlayer' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:27:	Local variable 'moveCont' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:28:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gameStateCont' (lines '28'-'65').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:28:	Local variable 'gameStateCont' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:29:	System.out.println is used
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:30:	Local variable 'move' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:31:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:32:	System.out.println is used
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:32:	The String literal "vorzeitig abgebrochen!" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 32
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:33:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:35:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:35:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'minVal' (lines '35'-'65').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:36:	Local variable 'simulatedState' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:38:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentSimulatedPlayer
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:41:	Local variable 'currentSimulatedPlayer' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:42:	Local variable 'simulatedMove' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:43:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nextSimulatedState
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:43:	Local variable 'nextSimulatedState' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:45:	Local variable 'actVal' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:51:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxVal' (lines '51'-'65').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:60:	Local variable 'next' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:61:	System.out.println is used
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:62:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:63:	System.out.println is used
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:67:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:67:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'move' (lines '67'-'81').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:67:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'simulatedMove' (lines '67'-'89').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:67:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:67:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:68:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rand' (lines '68'-'110').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:68:	Local variable 'rand' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:69:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'start' (lines '69'-'110').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:70:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxVal' (lines '70'-'110').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:71:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'actBest' (lines '71'-'110').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:71:	Local variable 'actBest' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:72:	Local variable 'currentPlayer' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:73:	Local variable 'moveCont' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:74:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gameStateCont' (lines '74'-'110').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:74:	Local variable 'gameStateCont' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:75:	Local variable 'move' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:76:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:77:	System.out.println is used
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:78:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:80:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:80:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'minVal' (lines '80'-'110').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:81:	Local variable 'simulatedState' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:83:	System.out.println is used
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:84:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:87:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentSimulatedPlayer
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:87:	Local variable 'currentSimulatedPlayer' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:88:	Local variable 'simulatedMove' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nextSimulatedState
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:89:	Local variable 'nextSimulatedState' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:91:	Local variable 'actVal' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:97:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxVal' (lines '97'-'110').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:105:	Local variable 'next' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:106:	System.out.println is used
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:107:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:108:	System.out.println is used
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:112:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'move' (lines '112'-'125').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:112:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'simulatedMove' (lines '112'-'132').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:112:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:112:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:113:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'start' (lines '113'-'145').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:114:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxVal' (lines '114'-'145').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:115:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'actBest'.
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:115:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'actBest' (lines '115'-'141').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:115:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'actBest' (lines '115'-'145').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:116:	Local variable 'currentPlayer' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:117:	Local variable 'moveCont' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:118:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gameStateCont' (lines '118'-'145').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:118:	Local variable 'gameStateCont' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:119:	Local variable 'move' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:120:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:121:	System.out.println is used
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:122:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:124:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:124:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'minVal' (lines '124'-'145').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:125:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:125:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'simulatedState' (lines '125'-'145').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:125:	Local variable 'simulatedState' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:127:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:130:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentSimulatedPlayer
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:130:	Local variable 'currentSimulatedPlayer' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:131:	Local variable 'simulatedMove' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:132:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nextSimulatedState
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:132:	Local variable 'nextSimulatedState' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:134:	Local variable 'actVal' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:140:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxVal' (lines '140'-'145').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:141:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'actBest' (lines '141'-'141').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:141:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'actBest' (lines '141'-'145').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:147:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:147:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'move' (lines '147'-'161').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:147:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'simulatedMove' (lines '147'-'169').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:147:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:147:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:148:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:148:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rand' (lines '148'-'191').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:148:	Local variable 'rand' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:149:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'start' (lines '149'-'191').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:150:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxVal' (lines '150'-'191').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:151:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'actBest' (lines '151'-'191').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:151:	Local variable 'actBest' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:152:	Local variable 'currentPlayer' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:153:	Local variable 'moveCont' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:154:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gameStateCont' (lines '154'-'191').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:154:	Local variable 'gameStateCont' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:155:	Local variable 'move' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:156:	Avoid empty if statements
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:156:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:160:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:160:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'minVal' (lines '160'-'191').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:161:	Local variable 'simulatedState' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:163:	System.out.println is used
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:164:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:167:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentSimulatedPlayer
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:167:	Local variable 'currentSimulatedPlayer' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:168:	Local variable 'simulatedMove' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:169:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nextSimulatedState
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:169:	Local variable 'nextSimulatedState' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:171:	Local variable 'actVal' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:177:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxVal' (lines '177'-'191').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:185:	System.out.println is used
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:186:	Local variable 'next' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:187:	System.out.println is used
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:188:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:189:	System.out.println is used
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:193:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:193:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'move' (lines '193'-'207').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:193:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'simulatedMove' (lines '193'-'214').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:193:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:193:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:194:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:194:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'rand'.
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:194:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rand' (lines '194'-'232').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:194:	Local variable 'rand' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:195:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'start' (lines '195'-'232').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:196:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxVal' (lines '196'-'232').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:197:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'actBest' (lines '197'-'232').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:197:	Local variable 'actBest' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:198:	Local variable 'currentPlayer' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:199:	Local variable 'moveCont' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:200:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gameStateCont' (lines '200'-'232').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:200:	Local variable 'gameStateCont' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:201:	Local variable 'move' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:201:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:202:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:203:	System.out.println is used
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:204:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:206:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:206:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'minVal' (lines '206'-'232').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:207:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:207:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'simulatedState' (lines '207'-'232').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:207:	Local variable 'simulatedState' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:207:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:209:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:211:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:212:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentSimulatedPlayer
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:212:	Local variable 'currentSimulatedPlayer' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:213:	Local variable 'simulatedMove' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:213:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:214:	Avoid excessively long variable names like nextSimulatedState
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:214:	Local variable 'nextSimulatedState' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:214:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:216:	Local variable 'actVal' could be declared final
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:222:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxVal' (lines '222'-'232').
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:234:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:237:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:241:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:244:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:245:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:246:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:249:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:252:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:261:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/SenseiAIController.java:265:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/controller/ZenMasterAIController.java:6:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/controller/ZenMasterAIController.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ZenMasterAIController.java:9:	Parameter 'gameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/controller/ZenMasterAIController.java:9:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/controller/ZenMasterAIController.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Game.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=51, ATFD=14, TCC=0.03)
src/model/Game.java:13:	Avoid short class names like Game
src/model/Game.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Game.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Game.java:17:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GAME_BOARD_SIZE_MIN
src/model/Game.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Game.java:18:	Avoid excessively long variable names like GAME_BOARD_SIZE_DEFAULT
src/model/Game.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Game.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Game.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Game.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Game.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PLAYER_STARTING_TOKEN_COUNT
src/model/Game.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Game.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Game.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Game.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/model/Game.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Game.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Game.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Game.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Game.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Game.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Game.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like initialCardDistribution
src/model/Game.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Game.java:55:	Local variable 'blue' could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:56:	Local variable 'red' could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:62:	Overridable method 'getPlayers' called during object construction
src/model/Game.java:77:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:93:	Parameter 'maxMoves' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:109:	Parameter 'boardSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:111:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/model/Game.java:131:	Parameter 'highscoreEnabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:152:	Parameter 'gameStates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:163:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:164:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'result'
src/model/Game.java:173:	Parameter 'players' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:175:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/Game.java:188:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/model/Game.java:212:	Parameter 'startingPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:213:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/model/Game.java:232:	Parameter 'initialFreeCard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:234:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/Game.java:251:	Avoid excessively long variable names like initialCardDistribution
src/model/Game.java:251:	Parameter 'initialCardDistribution' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:253:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/Game.java:262:	Local variable 'gameStates' could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/model/Game.java:263:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/model/Game.java:271:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'otherPlayer' (lines '271'-'274').
src/model/Game.java:271:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:272:	Local variable 'positions' could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:273:	Local variable 'otherPlayer' could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:288:	Local variable 'gameState' could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:289:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/Game.java:290:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/Game.java:291:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/Game.java:292:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/Game.java:293:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/Game.java:306:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '306'-'312').
src/model/Game.java:307:	Local variable 'gameBoard' could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:308:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tokenOffset' (lines '308'-'334').
src/model/Game.java:308:	Local variable 'tokenOffset' could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:310:	Local variable 'player' could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:312:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/model/Game.java:312:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'token' (lines '312'-'312').
src/model/Game.java:312:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'token' (lines '312'-'334').
src/model/Game.java:312:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:317:	Switch statements should have a default label
src/model/Game.java:319:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/model/Game.java:322:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/model/Game.java:325:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/model/Game.java:328:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/model/Game.java:340:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '340'-'342').
src/model/Game.java:341:	Local variable 'player' could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:342:	Switch statements should have a default label
src/model/Game.java:344:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/model/Game.java:347:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/model/Game.java:350:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/model/Game.java:353:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/model/Game.java:362:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '362'-'374').
src/model/Game.java:362:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '362'-'382').
src/model/Game.java:363:	Local variable 'deck' could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:369:	Local variable 'player' could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:370:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/model/Game.java:370:	Local variable 'cards' could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:380:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startingColor' (lines '380'-'391').
src/model/Game.java:381:	Local variable 'player' could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:387:	Local variable 'rand' could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:388:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/Game.java:388:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/Game.java:388:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/model/Game.java:400:	Parameter 'deck' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:401:	Local variable 'rand' could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:402:	Local variable 'pickedCard' could be declared final
src/model/Game.java:402:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/model/GameBoard.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=47, ATFD=18, TCC=0.047619047619047616)
src/model/GameBoard.java:16:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/model/GameBoard.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameBoard.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameBoard.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameBoard.java:26:	Parameter 'simulated' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:26:	Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:27:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/model/GameBoard.java:40:	Parameter 'gameBoard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:47:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/model/GameBoard.java:55:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/model/GameBoard.java:57:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/GameBoard.java:57:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/GameBoard.java:57:	Parameter 'gameToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:59:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/GameBoard.java:65:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/model/GameBoard.java:80:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/GameBoard.java:80:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/GameBoard.java:80:	Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:94:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/GameBoard.java:94:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/GameBoard.java:94:	Parameter 'vector' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:96:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/GameBoard.java:109:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/GameBoard.java:109:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/GameBoard.java:109:	Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:113:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/GameBoard.java:113:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/model/GameBoard.java:115:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:116:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/model/GameBoard.java:129:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/GameBoard.java:129:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/GameBoard.java:129:	Parameter 'gameToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:129:	Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:130:	Local variable 'removed' could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:138:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/model/GameBoard.java:143:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/GameBoard.java:143:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/GameBoard.java:143:	Parameter 'shift' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:143:	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:144:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/GameBoard.java:144:	Local variable 'startPosition' could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:145:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/GameBoard.java:145:	Local variable 'destination' could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/model/GameBoard.java:146:	Local variable 'removed' could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:147:	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'removed'
src/model/GameBoard.java:156:	Returning 'board' may expose an internal array.
src/model/GameBoard.java:165:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/model/GameBoard.java:165:	Parameter 'board' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:165:	The user-supplied array 'board' is stored directly.
src/model/GameBoard.java:167:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/GameBoard.java:171:	Local variable 'size' could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:175:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/GameBoard.java:194:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/GameBoard.java:194:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/GameBoard.java:194:	Parameter 'gameMove' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:196:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/GameBoard.java:199:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/GameBoard.java:202:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/GameBoard.java:202:	Local variable 'startPosition' could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:204:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/GameBoard.java:207:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/GameBoard.java:208:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/GameBoard.java:212:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/GameBoard.java:212:	Local variable 'shift' could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/GameBoard.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/GameBoard.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/GameBoard.java:214:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/model/GameBoard.java:231:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:234:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:252:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/model/GameBoard.java:252:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/model/GameBoard.java:255:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/model/GameBoard.java:265:	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:266:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/model/GameBoard.java:266:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ANSI_EARTH' (lines '266'-'288').
src/model/GameBoard.java:267:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/model/GameBoard.java:267:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ANSI_AIR' (lines '267'-'288').
src/model/GameBoard.java:268:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/model/GameBoard.java:268:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ANSI_FIRE' (lines '268'-'288').
src/model/GameBoard.java:269:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/model/GameBoard.java:269:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ANSI_WATER' (lines '269'-'288').
src/model/GameBoard.java:271:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '271'-'283').
src/model/GameBoard.java:274:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/model/GameBoard.java:276:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/GameBoard.java:276:	Switch statements should have a default label
src/model/GameBoard.java:277:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/model/GameBoard.java:278:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/model/GameBoard.java:279:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/model/GameBoard.java:280:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/model/GameBoard.java:283:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/model/GameBoard.java:283:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/model/GameBoard.java:290:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameBoard.java:294:	Parameter 'simulated' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameBoard.java:294:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameCard.java:8:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
src/model/GameCard.java:17:	enumCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameCard.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameCard.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameCard.java:39:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/model/GameCard.java:39:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'germanNames' is not all capitals.
src/model/GameCard.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameCard.java:42:	Non-static initializers are confusing
src/model/GameCard.java:62:	Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameCard.java:62:	Parameter 'moves' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameCard.java:67:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameCard.java:71:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameCard.java:81:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'move' (lines '81'-'89').
src/model/GameCard.java:82:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/model/GameCard.java:85:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reachable' (lines '85'-'86').
src/model/GameCard.java:86:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reachable' (lines '86'-'89').
src/model/GameCard.java:86:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'reachable' (lines '86'-'108').
src/model/GameCard.java:88:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/GameCard.java:88:	Local variable 'move' could be declared final
src/model/GameCard.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reachable' (lines '89'-'89').
src/model/GameCard.java:89:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'reachable' (lines '89'-'108').
src/model/GameCard.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/GameCard.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/GameCard.java:95:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/model/GameCard.java:96:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/model/GameCard.java:97:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/model/GameCard.java:98:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/model/GameCard.java:100:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/model/GameCard.java:104:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/model/GameCard.java:115:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/model/GameMove.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameMove.java:8:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/GameMove.java:8:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/GameMove.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameMove.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameMove.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameMove.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameMove.java:13:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/GameMove.java:13:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/GameMove.java:13:	Parameter 'movedToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameMove.java:13:	Parameter 'selectedCard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameMove.java:13:	Parameter 'selectedMove' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameMove.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameMove.java:15:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/GameMove.java:20:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/model/GameMove.java:27:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/GameMove.java:27:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/GameMove.java:34:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/GameMove.java:34:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/GameMove.java:34:	Parameter 'selectedMove' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameMove.java:36:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/GameMove.java:51:	Parameter 'selectedCard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameMove.java:53:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/GameMove.java:68:	Parameter 'defeatedToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameMove.java:82:	Parameter 'movedToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameMove.java:84:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/GameMove.java:91:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/model/GameState.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameState.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameState.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameState.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameState.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameState.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameState.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameState.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameState.java:31:	Parameter 'oldGameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameState.java:38:	Overridable method 'copyDistribution' called during object construction
src/model/GameState.java:51:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '51'-'55').
src/model/GameState.java:51:	Parameter 'oldMap' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameState.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameState.java:52:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/model/GameState.java:52:	Local variable 'newMap' could be declared final
src/model/GameState.java:53:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/model/GameState.java:54:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/model/GameState.java:54:	Local variable 'newList' could be declared final
src/model/GameState.java:66:	Parameter 'roundNumber' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameState.java:82:	Parameter 'simulated' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameState.java:98:	Parameter 'gameBoard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameState.java:100:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/GameState.java:118:	Parameter 'players' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameState.java:134:	Parameter 'currentPlayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameState.java:136:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/GameState.java:156:	Parameter 'gameCard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameState.java:172:	Parameter 'lastMove' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameState.java:188:	Parameter 'cardDistribution' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameState.java:196:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '196'-'200').
src/model/GameState.java:197:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/model/GameState.java:198:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/GameState.java:199:	Local variable 'player' could be declared final
src/model/GameState.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/GameState.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/model/GameToken.java:14:	Field isMaster has the same name as a method
src/model/GameToken.java:14:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/model/GameToken.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameToken.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/GameToken.java:24:	Parameter 'isMaster' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameToken.java:24:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameToken.java:26:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/GameToken.java:43:	Parameter 'isMaster' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameToken.java:57:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/GameToken.java:59:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/HighScoreEntry.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/HighScoreEntry.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/HighScoreEntry.java:15:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/model/HighScoreEntry.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/HighScoreEntry.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/HighScoreEntry.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/HighScoreEntry.java:20:	Parameter 'beatenMasters' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/HighScoreEntry.java:20:	Parameter 'beatenTokens' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/HighScoreEntry.java:20:	Parameter 'gameDuration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/HighScoreEntry.java:20:	Parameter 'gameMoves' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/HighScoreEntry.java:20:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/HighScoreEntry.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/HighScoreEntry.java:21:	Overridable method 'setName' called during object construction
src/model/HighScoreEntry.java:37:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/HighScoreEntry.java:49:	Parameter 'beatenToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/HighScoreEntry.java:61:	Parameter 'beatenMaster' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/HighScoreEntry.java:73:	Parameter 'gameMoves' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/HighScoreEntry.java:80:	Parameter 'gameDuration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/HighScoreList.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/model/HighScoreList.java:18:	Private field 'twoPlayer' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/model/HighScoreList.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/HighScoreList.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/model/HighScoreList.java:19:	Private field 'fourPlayer' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/model/HighScoreList.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/HighScoreList.java:49:	Parameter 'highScoreEntry' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/HighScoreList.java:49:	Parameter 'playerCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/HighScoreList.java:50:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/model/HighScoreList.java:53:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/model/Onitama.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/model/Onitama.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/model/Onitama.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Onitama.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Onitama.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Onitama.java:20:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/model/Onitama.java:34:	Parameter 'currentGame' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Onitama.java:48:	Parameter 'highScoreList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Onitama.java:50:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/Player.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Player.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Player.java:9:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/Player.java:9:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/Player.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Player.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Player.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Player.java:12:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/Player.java:12:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/Player.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Player.java:15:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Player.java:15:	Parameter 'playerColor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Player.java:15:	Parameter 'playerType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Player.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Player.java:17:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/Player.java:36:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Player.java:38:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/Player.java:46:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/Player.java:46:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/Player.java:53:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/Player.java:53:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/Player.java:53:	Parameter 'startingPosition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Player.java:55:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/Player.java:70:	Parameter 'playerType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Player.java:72:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/Player.java:87:	Parameter 'playerColor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Player.java:89:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/Player.java:97:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/Player.java:97:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/Player.java:104:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/Player.java:104:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/Player.java:104:	Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Player.java:106:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/model/PlayerColor.java:3:	enumCommentRequirement Required
src/model/PlayerColor.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/PlayerColor.java:11:	Parameter 'angle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/PlayerColor.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/PlayerType.java:3:	enumCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Vector.java:10:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/model/Vector.java:12:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/model/Vector.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Vector.java:13:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/model/Vector.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Vector.java:15:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/Vector.java:15:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/Vector.java:15:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/Vector.java:15:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/Vector.java:15:	Parameter 'vector' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Vector.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Vector.java:24:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/Vector.java:24:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/Vector.java:24:	Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Vector.java:25:	Local variable 'angleRadian' could be declared final
src/model/Vector.java:28:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/Vector.java:28:	Local variable 'thisFlipped' could be declared final
src/model/Vector.java:29:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/Vector.java:29:	Local variable 'resultFlipped' could be declared final
src/model/Vector.java:33:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/Vector.java:33:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/Vector.java:33:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Vector.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Vector.java:37:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/model/Vector.java:37:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/model/Vector.java:37:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Vector.java:37:	Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Vector.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Vector.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Vector.java:46:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/model/Vector.java:46:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Vector.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Vector.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Vector.java:54:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/model/Vector.java:54:	Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Vector.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Vector.java:65:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/Vector.java:65:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/Vector.java:65:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/model/Vector.java:65:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/Vector.java:65:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/Vector.java:65:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/Vector.java:65:	Parameter 'axis' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Vector.java:65:	Parameter 'theta' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Vector.java:65:	Parameter 'vector' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Vector.java:66:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/model/Vector.java:66:	Local variable 'x' could be declared final
src/model/Vector.java:67:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/model/Vector.java:67:	Local variable 'y' could be declared final
src/model/Vector.java:68:	Avoid variables with short names like u
src/model/Vector.java:68:	Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/model/Vector.java:69:	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/model/Vector.java:69:	Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/model/Vector.java:71:	Local variable 'xPrime' could be declared final
src/model/Vector.java:72:	Local variable 'yPrime' could be declared final
src/model/Vector.java:77:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Vector.java:79:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/model/Vector.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Vector.java:85:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/model/Vector.java:86:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '86'-'87').
src/model/Vector.java:93:	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/model/Vector.java:93:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/model/Vector.java:94:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/model/Vector.java:95:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/model/Vector.java:96:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/model/Vector.java:97:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/model/Vector.java:98:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/model/Vector.java:99:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/model/Vector.java:100:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/Vector.java:100:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/model/Vector.java:100:	Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/model/Vector.java:101:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/model/Vector.java:102:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/model/Vector.java:103:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/model/Vector.java:103:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/model/Vector.java:104:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:27:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:27:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:29:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'basePane'.
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:31:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'gamePane'.
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like rotatingBackgroundCanvas
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:46:	Perhaps 'tokenClickHandler' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetMarkerClickHandler
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:47:	Perhaps 'targetMarkerClickHandler' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:50:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:58:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WINDOW_SIZE_DEFAULT
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:58:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:60:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:60:	Private field 'gameGridSize' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:60:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:73:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:74:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:75:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:76:	Local variable 'currentGameState' could be declared final
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:80:	Local variable 'game' could be declared final
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:82:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:105:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'cardPicker'.
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:105:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'cardPicker' (lines '105'-'155').
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:105:	Local variable 'cardPicker' could be declared final
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:113:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:129:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:131:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:141:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:145:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:160:	Parameter 'gameMove' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:161:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:161:	Avoid excessively long variable names like gameStateController
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:161:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gameStateController' (lines '161'-'167').
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:161:	Local variable 'gameStateController' could be declared final
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:163:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:164:	Local variable 'nextGameState' could be declared final
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:174:	Local variable 'axis' could be declared final
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:175:	Local variable 'dot' could be declared final
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:176:	System.out.println is used
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:185:	Local variable 'currentGameState' could be declared final
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:193:	Parameter 'newGameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:193:	Parameter 'oldGameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:193:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:195:	System.out.println is used
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:202:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:202:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:203:	System.out.println is used
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:207:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:211:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:215:	Parameter 'onitamaController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:215:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:219:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:223:	Parameter 'canvasState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/GameCanvasViewController.java:223:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.beans.property.SimpleIntegerProperty'
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.beans.property.SimpleStringProperty'
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:15:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.fxml.FXMLLoader'
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.scene.Scene'
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:21:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.scene.layout.GridPane'
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:22:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.stage.Stage'
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:24:	Avoid duplicate imports such as 'javafx.scene.layout.BorderPane'
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:27:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:27:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:30:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'resources'.
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:33:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'location'.
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:39:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'btnBack'.
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like btnChangeHighscore
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:45:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'columnMaxMoves'.
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:48:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'columnPlayer'.
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:51:	Avoid excessively long variable names like columnBeatenMaster
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:51:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'columnBeatenMaster'.
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:54:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'columnBeatenToken'.
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:54:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:57:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'columnGameMoves'.
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:57:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:60:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:60:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:62:	Avoid excessively long variable names like twoPlayerHighscore
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:62:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:62:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:64:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:66:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the currentList field if you want a default access modifier
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:66:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:66:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:68:	Avoid excessively long variable names like loadViewController
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:68:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:68:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the loadViewController field if you want a default access modifier
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:68:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:68:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:77:	Parameter 'onitamaController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:77:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:84:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:85:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:85:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onBack method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:94:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:95:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '95'-'112').
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:95:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:95:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onChangeHighscore method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:108:	Local variable 'data' could be declared final
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:111:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:112:	System.out.println is used
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:122:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:126:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:126:	Useless parentheses.
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:129:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:130:	Local variable 'testList' could be declared final
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:132:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:132:	Useless parentheses.
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/HighscoreViewController.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.BeforeClass'
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.fxml.FXMLLoader'
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.scene.Scene'
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:15:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.scene.layout.GridPane'
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.stage.Stage'
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:19:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:19:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:22:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onitamaController field if you want a default access modifier
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:22:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:28:	Parameter 'onitamaController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:33:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:36:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:39:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:42:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:45:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:48:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:48:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:51:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:51:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:53:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:53:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:53:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the saveGames field if you want a default access modifier
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:53:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:56:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'btnBack'.
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:56:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:56:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:57:	Avoid excessively long variable names like loadViewController
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:57:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:57:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:57:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:60:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:61:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:61:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onBack method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:66:	Document empty method body
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:77:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'games' (lines '77'-'103').
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:77:	Local variable 'games' could be declared final
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:81:	Local variable 'currentBtn' could be declared final
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:82:	Local variable 'currentGame' could be declared final
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:105:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:106:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:106:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onGame1 method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:111:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:112:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:112:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onGame2 method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:116:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:117:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:117:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onGame3 method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:121:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:122:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:122:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onGame4 method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:126:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:127:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:127:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onGame5 method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:131:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:132:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/LoadGameViewController.java:132:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onGame6 method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/LoadViewController.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.fxml.FXML'
src/view/LoadViewController.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadViewController.java:13:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/LoadViewController.java:13:	Private field 'onitamaController' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/view/LoadViewController.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadViewController.java:14:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/LoadViewController.java:14:	Private field 'outerPane' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/view/LoadViewController.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadViewController.java:17:	Parameter 'Pane' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/LoadViewController.java:17:	Parameter 'onitamaCon' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/LoadViewController.java:17:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Pane' starts with uppercase character.
src/view/LoadViewController.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadViewController.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadViewController.java:28:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '28'-'30').
src/view/LoadViewController.java:29:	Local variable 'loader' could be declared final
src/view/LoadViewController.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like highscoreController
src/view/LoadViewController.java:31:	Local variable 'highscoreController' could be declared final
src/view/LoadViewController.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:35:	Local variable 'scene' could be declared final
src/view/LoadViewController.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:38:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/LoadViewController.java:39:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/view/LoadViewController.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadViewController.java:46:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '46'-'48').
src/view/LoadViewController.java:47:	Local variable 'loader' could be declared final
src/view/LoadViewController.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like loadGameViewController
src/view/LoadViewController.java:49:	Local variable 'loadGameViewController' could be declared final
src/view/LoadViewController.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:53:	Local variable 'scene' could be declared final
src/view/LoadViewController.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:56:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/LoadViewController.java:57:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/view/LoadViewController.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadViewController.java:65:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '65'-'67').
src/view/LoadViewController.java:66:	Local variable 'loader' could be declared final
src/view/LoadViewController.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:68:	Local variable 'viewController' could be declared final
src/view/LoadViewController.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:72:	Local variable 'scene' could be declared final
src/view/LoadViewController.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:75:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/LoadViewController.java:76:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/view/LoadViewController.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadViewController.java:84:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '84'-'86').
src/view/LoadViewController.java:85:	Local variable 'loader' could be declared final
src/view/LoadViewController.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:87:	Local variable 'viewController' could be declared final
src/view/LoadViewController.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:90:	Local variable 'scene' could be declared final
src/view/LoadViewController.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:93:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/LoadViewController.java:94:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/view/LoadViewController.java:98:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/LoadViewController.java:103:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '103'-'105').
src/view/LoadViewController.java:104:	Local variable 'loader' could be declared final
src/view/LoadViewController.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:106:	Local variable 'viewController' could be declared final
src/view/LoadViewController.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:111:	Local variable 'scene' could be declared final
src/view/LoadViewController.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/LoadViewController.java:115:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/LoadViewController.java:116:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.fxml.FXMLLoader'
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.scene.Scene'
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.scene.image.Image'
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.scene.image.ImageView'
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.scene.layout.BorderPane'
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:13:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.stage.Stage'
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:15:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:21:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'innerGridPane'.
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:24:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'btnNewGame'.
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:27:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'btnLoadGame'.
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:30:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'btnHighscore'.
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:33:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'btnQuit'.
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:35:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onitamaController field if you want a default access modifier
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:35:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like loadViewController
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:37:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the loadViewController field if you want a default access modifier
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:37:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:46:	Parameter 'onitamaController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:57:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:58:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:58:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onHighscore method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:64:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:65:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:65:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onLoadGame method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:74:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:75:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:75:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onNewGame method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:82:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:83:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:83:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onQuit method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/MainMenuViewController.java:84:	System.exit() should not be used in J2EE/JEE apps
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=54, ATFD=47, TCC=0.10153846153846154)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javax.smartcardio.Card'
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:17:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.scene.control.CheckBox'
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:25:	Avoid unused imports such as 'javafx.scene.input.InputMethodEvent'
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:37:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:37:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:37:	Too many fields
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:37:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:41:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:44:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'playercount'.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:50:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:53:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:56:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:56:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:59:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:59:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:62:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:62:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:65:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'btnBigger'.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:65:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:68:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:68:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:71:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:71:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:74:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:74:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:77:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:77:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:80:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:80:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:83:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:83:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:86:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:86:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:89:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:89:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:92:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:92:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:95:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:95:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:98:	Field btnGameStart has the same name as a method
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:98:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:98:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:101:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'imgBack'.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:101:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:104:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'btnImport'.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:104:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:107:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'btnBack'.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:107:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:110:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:110:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:113:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:113:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:116:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:116:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:119:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:119:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:122:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'labelFreeCard'.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:122:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:125:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:125:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:127:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:127:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:128:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:128:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:129:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:129:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:130:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:131:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:131:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:132:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:132:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:133:	Avoid excessively long variable names like loadViewController
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:133:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:133:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the loadViewController field if you want a default access modifier
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:133:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:133:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:135:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:139:	Parameter 'onitamaController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:139:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:143:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:144:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '144'-'166').
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:144:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the init method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:165:	Local variable 'player' could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:184:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'type' (lines '184'-'201').
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:184:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'type' (lines '184'-'201').
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:184:	Parameter 'box' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:184:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:187:	Parameter 'empty' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:187:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:187:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:198:	Local variable 'playerTypes' could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:200:	Local variable 'type' could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:201:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:202:	System.out.println is used
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:204:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:207:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:213:	Local variable 'gameController' could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:214:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:215:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:216:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:219:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:221:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:225:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:226:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:226:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:226:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:231:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:232:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:232:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the btnGameStart method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:238:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '238'-'240').
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:239:	Local variable 'loader' could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:239:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:242:	Local variable 'viewController' could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:245:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:247:	Local variable 'scene' could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:251:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:252:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:258:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:259:	Document empty method body
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:259:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:259:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onBack method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:262:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:263:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:263:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onBtnBack method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:267:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:268:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:268:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onBigger method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:278:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:279:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:279:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onSmaller method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:280:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:284:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:291:	Parameter 'moves' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:291:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:295:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:296:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:296:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the on2PlayerSelected method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:301:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:302:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:302:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the on3PlayerSelected method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:305:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:312:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:313:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:313:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the on4PlayerSelected method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:315:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:322:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:323:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:323:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onNamePlayer1 method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:327:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:328:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:328:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onNamePlayer2 method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:332:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:333:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:333:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onNamePlayer3 method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:337:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:338:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:338:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onNamePlayer4 method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:342:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:343:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:343:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onNewText method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:347:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the checkNumber method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:347:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:350:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:350:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:358:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:361:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:365:	System.out.println is used
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:373:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'field' (lines '373'-'379').
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:378:	Local variable 'field' could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:379:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:401:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:405:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:412:	Parameter 'disable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:412:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the disable4Player method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:412:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:421:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:423:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:431:	Parameter 'disable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:431:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the disable3Player method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:431:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:441:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:443:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:444:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:448:	Parameter 'textField' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:448:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:449:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:455:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:459:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:460:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:460:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onImport method if you want a default access modifier
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:462:	Local variable 'fileChooser' could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:467:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:470:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:472:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:482:	Local variable 'game' could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:482:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:483:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:483:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:483:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:488:	Local variable 'playerList' could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:488:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:490:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:491:	Local variable 'currentCards' could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:491:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:491:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:491:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:493:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:494:	Local variable 'card' could be declared final
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:495:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:495:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/NewGameViewController.java:495:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/SampleViewController.java:3:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/view/SampleViewController.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/view/Vector2D.java:12:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/view/Vector2D.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/Vector2D.java:13:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/view/Vector2D.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/Vector2D.java:15:	Parameter 'vector' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/Vector2D.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/Vector2D.java:24:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/Vector2D.java:25:	Local variable 'angleRadian' could be declared final
src/view/Vector2D.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/Vector2D.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/Vector2D.java:28:	Local variable 'thisFlipped' could be declared final
src/view/Vector2D.java:29:	Local variable 'resultFlipped' could be declared final
src/view/Vector2D.java:33:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/view/Vector2D.java:33:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/view/Vector2D.java:33:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/Vector2D.java:33:	Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/Vector2D.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/Vector2D.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/Vector2D.java:42:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/view/Vector2D.java:42:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/Vector2D.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/Vector2D.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/Vector2D.java:50:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/view/Vector2D.java:50:	Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/Vector2D.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/Vector2D.java:62:	Parameter 'axis' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/Vector2D.java:62:	Parameter 'theta' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/Vector2D.java:62:	Parameter 'vector' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/Vector2D.java:63:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/view/Vector2D.java:63:	Local variable 'x' could be declared final
src/view/Vector2D.java:64:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/view/Vector2D.java:64:	Local variable 'y' could be declared final
src/view/Vector2D.java:65:	Avoid variables with short names like u
src/view/Vector2D.java:65:	Local variable 'u' could be declared final
src/view/Vector2D.java:66:	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/view/Vector2D.java:66:	Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/view/Vector2D.java:68:	Local variable 'xPrime' could be declared final
src/view/Vector2D.java:69:	Local variable 'yPrime' could be declared final
src/view/Vector2D.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/Vector2D.java:76:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:27:	Too many fields
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:32:	Private field 'viewPortSize' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:35:	Private field 'gameCanvasTokens' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:38:	Private field 'gameBoardGrid' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:40:	Private field 'container' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:42:	Private field 'tokenContainer' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetMarkerContainer
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:48:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:50:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:50:	Private field 'cellSize' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:51:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:52:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:52:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:53:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:57:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:59:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:61:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SCROLL_PANE_OVERSIZE
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:61:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:61:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:63:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:63:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:65:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CELLS_WITHOUT_SCROLLBARS
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:65:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:65:	This final field could be made static
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:65:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:68:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:72:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:72:	Parameter 'viewController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:72:	Parameter 'viewPortSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:74:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:77:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:100:	Overridable method 'refresh' called during object construction
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:119:	Parameter 'cellCount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:155:	Parameter 'gridCanvas' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:160:	Local variable 'graphic' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:168:	Local variable 'offset' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:173:	Local variable 'offset' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:189:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'token' (lines '189'-'196').
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:194:	Local variable 'tokens' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:195:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:196:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:196:	Local variable 'canvasToken' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:198:	Local variable 'position' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:216:	Parameter 'canvasToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:217:	Local variable 'posX' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:218:	Local variable 'posY' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:223:	Local variable 'gameState' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:225:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:231:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:239:	Parameter 'angle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:244:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:248:	Parameter 'viewController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:248:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:252:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:256:	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetMarkerContainer
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:256:	Parameter 'targetMarkerContainer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:256:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:260:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:264:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/BoardContainer.java:268:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:16:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:19:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:19:	Parameter 'gameCard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:20:	Overridable method 'setGameCard' called during object construction
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:28:	Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:33:	Local variable 'aspectRatio' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:34:	Local variable 'realWidth' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:35:	Local variable 'realHeight' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:44:	Parameter 'gameCard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:53:	Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasCard.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasState.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasState.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasState.java:18:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasState.java:19:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'currentGameState'
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasState.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasState.java:22:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'selectedToken'
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasState.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasState.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like gameCanvasViewController
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasState.java:25:	Parameter 'gameCanvasViewController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasState.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasState.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasState.java:35:	Parameter 'viewController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasState.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasState.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasState.java:45:	Parameter 'selectedToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasState.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasState.java:48:	System.out.println is used
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasState.java:59:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasState.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasState.java:70:	Parameter 'currentGameState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasState.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:20:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:20:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:26:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:26:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:26:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:26:	Parameter 'angle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:26:	Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:26:	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:36:	Overridable method 'setAngle' called during object construction
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:38:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:41:	System.out.println is used
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:50:	Parameter 'angle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:59:	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:63:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:63:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:67:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:67:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:67:	Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:67:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:75:	Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:89:	Parameter 'clickHandler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CanvasToken.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:26:	Private field 'handCardPositions' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:28:	Private field 'freeCardPositions' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:31:	Private field 'canvasCards' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVERSE_GOLDEN_RATIO
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FREE_CARD_Y_CENTER
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like FREE_CARD_X_CENTER
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:48:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:48:	Perhaps 'boardSize' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:50:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:50:	Perhaps 'borderSize' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:52:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:52:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:54:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:54:	Parameter 'canvasSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:54:	Parameter 'viewController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:66:	Overridable method 'reloadCards' called during object construction
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:67:	Overridable method 'refresh' called during object construction
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:73:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'player' (lines '73'-'79').
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:74:	Local variable 'currentGameState' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:75:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentCardDistribution
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:75:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'currentCardDistribution' (lines '75'-'101').
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:75:	Local variable 'currentCardDistribution' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:78:	Local variable 'player' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:79:	Local variable 'positions' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:80:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:80:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'handCards' (lines '80'-'101').
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:80:	Local variable 'handCards' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:82:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:83:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:88:	Local variable 'canvasCard' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:90:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:92:	Local variable 'position' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:106:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'gameCard' (lines '106'-'113').
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:111:	Local variable 'allCards' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:112:	Local variable 'gameCard' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:113:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:113:	Local variable 'canvasCard' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:125:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'canvasCard' (lines '125'-'127').
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:125:	Parameter 'gameCard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:126:	Local variable 'canvasCard' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:128:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:137:	Parameter 'canvasSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:139:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:155:	Local variable 'cardWidth' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:162:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'color' (lines '162'-'182').
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:166:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:167:	Local variable 'borderHeight' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:177:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'leftCard' (lines '177'-'192').
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:177:	Local variable 'leftCard' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:178:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rightCard' (lines '178'-'192').
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:178:	Local variable 'rightCard' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:179:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'canvasCenter' (lines '179'-'192').
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:179:	Local variable 'canvasCenter' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:181:	Local variable 'color' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:182:	Local variable 'rotationAngle' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:183:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:183:	Local variable 'handPositions' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:187:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:187:	Local variable 'freeCardPosition' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:195:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:199:	Parameter 'viewController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardContainer.java:199:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:12:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'viewController'.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:12:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:12:	Perhaps 'viewController' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:12:	Private field 'viewController' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:16:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:16:	Private field 'backgroundCanvas' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVERSE_GOLDEN_RATIO
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:20:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'INVERSE_GOLDEN_RATIO'.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:21:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'BACKGROUND_COLOR'.
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:24:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:24:	Parameter 'canvasSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:24:	Parameter 'viewController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:33:	Overridable method 'setCanvasSize' called during object construction
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:40:	Parameter 'canvasSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:42:	Local variable 'graphicsContext' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/CardPickerOverlay.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:28:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:28:	Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:29:	Overridable method 'setColor' called during object construction
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:31:	Overridable method 'setAngle' called during object construction
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:40:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:41:	System.out.println is used
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:56:	Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:68:	Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:70:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:83:	Parameter 'gameMoves' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:88:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:93:	Parameter 'angle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:93:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:95:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:102:	Parameter 'clickHandler' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarker.java:102:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:11:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:11:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the viewController field if you want a default access modifier
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:11:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:14:	Parameter 'viewController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:16:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:22:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'move' (lines '22'-'40').
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:22:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:24:	System.out.println is used
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:28:	Local variable 'targetMarker' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:31:	Local variable 'moves' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:33:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:35:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:39:	Local variable 'move' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:40:	System.out.println is used
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerClickHandler.java:42:	System.out.println is used
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:12:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:15:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:15:	Parameter 'gameCanvasBoard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:26:	Parameter 'gameCanvasBoard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:36:	Parameter 'targerMarkers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:43:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '43'-'48').
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:46:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:53:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:57:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:57:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:57:	Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:57:	Parameter 'targetMarker' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:60:	Local variable 'posX' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:62:	Local variable 'posY' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/TargetMarkerContainer.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:1:	Package name contains upper case characters
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:15:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:19:	Parameter 'viewController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:25:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:27:	System.out.println is used
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:30:	Local variable 'canvasToken' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:41:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'move' (lines '41'-'63').
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:41:	Parameter 'canvasToken' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:44:	Avoid empty if statements
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:49:	Local variable 'gameState' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:50:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:53:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:53:	Local variable 'position' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:54:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:57:	Local variable 'possibleMoves' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:58:	Local variable 'targetMarkers' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:61:	Local variable 'move' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:63:	Local variable 'player' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:65:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:65:	Local variable 'moveTarget' could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:72:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:82:	Document empty method body
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:87:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:92:	Parameter 'viewController' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/view/gameCanvas/TokenClickHandler.java:92:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:21:	Avoid duplicate imports such as 'org.junit.Assert.assertNotNull'
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:21:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.Assert.assertNotNull'
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:23:	Avoid duplicate imports such as 'java.util.List'
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:24:	Avoid duplicate imports such as 'java.util.Map'
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:26:	Avoid duplicate imports such as 'org.junit.After'
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:27:	Avoid duplicate imports such as 'org.junit.AfterClass'
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:28:	Avoid duplicate imports such as 'org.junit.Before'
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:29:	Avoid duplicate imports such as 'org.junit.BeforeClass'
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:30:	Avoid duplicate imports such as 'org.junit.Test'
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:32:	Avoid duplicate imports such as 'model.Game'
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:33:	Avoid duplicate imports such as 'model.GameCard'
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:34:	Avoid duplicate imports such as 'model.GameMove'
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:35:	Avoid duplicate imports such as 'model.GameState'
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:36:	Avoid duplicate imports such as 'model.Onitama'
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:37:	Avoid duplicate imports such as 'model.Player'
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:39:	The class 'AIControllerTest' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:39:	The class 'AIControllerTest' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:39:	The class 'AIControllerTest' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:39:	headerCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:41:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:42:	Perhaps 'newGameController' could be replaced by a local variable.
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:44:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like gameStateController
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:49:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:49:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:53:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:53:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:58:	Local variable 'onitama' could be declared final
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:63:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:64:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:65:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:74:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:78:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:78:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:78:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'MAXMOVES' starts with uppercase character.
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:78:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:80:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'card' (lines '80'-'85').
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:80:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '80'-'84').
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:80:	The method 'testAI' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:80:	The method 'testAI' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:80:	The method 'testAI' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:83:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:84:	Local variable 'card' could be declared final
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:85:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:87:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:89:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:90:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:91:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:94:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:95:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:96:	Local variable 'currentGameState' could be declared final
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:97:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextMove' (lines '97'-'101').
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:97:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextMove' (lines '97'-'105').
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:102:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:106:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:108:	Avoid empty catch blocks
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:110:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:111:	System.err.println is used
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:112:	System.err.println is used
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:115:	System.err.println is used
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:115:	Useless parentheses.
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:118:	Local variable 'nextGameState' could be declared final
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:119:	Local variable 'gameStates' could be declared final
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:122:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:125:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'map' (lines '125'-'125').
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:125:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'map' (lines '125'-'136').
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:126:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:127:	Local variable 'card' could be declared final
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:128:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:130:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:132:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/AIControllerTest.java:133:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:15:	Avoid unused imports such as 'model.GameToken'
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:20:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:22:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onitamaController field if you want a default access modifier
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:22:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:26:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:26:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:30:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:30:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:36:	Local variable 'onitama' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:43:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:48:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:67:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:70:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:72:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:74:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:75:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:76:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:86:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:91:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'currentGameBoard' (lines '91'-'91').
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:91:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'currentGameState' (lines '91'-'91').
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:91:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:94:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:95:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:105:	Useless parentheses.
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:107:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:116:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:117:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:125:	Useless parentheses.
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:127:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:134:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameStateControllerTest.java:139:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:23:	headerCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:24:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:29:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:30:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:36:	Avoid excessively long variable names like gamestateController
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:36:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the gamestateController field if you want a default access modifier
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:36:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:37:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onitamaController field if you want a default access modifier
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:37:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:38:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the gameState field if you want a default access modifier
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:38:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:39:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the currentGameBoard field if you want a default access modifier
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:39:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like gameboardController
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:40:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the gameboardController field if you want a default access modifier
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:40:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:41:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:41:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the playerController field if you want a default access modifier
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:41:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:44:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:44:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:48:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:48:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:54:	Local variable 'onitama' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:69:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:82:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:83:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:86:	Local variable 'player' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:87:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:88:	Local variable 'gameMove' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:92:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:92:	Local variable 'expectedLocation' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:93:	Local variable 'nextBoard' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:94:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:108:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:109:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:112:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'masterToken' (lines '112'-'116').
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:112:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'masterToken' (lines '112'-'132').
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:115:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:115:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:116:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:117:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:119:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:119:	Local variable 'winningPosition' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:136:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:142:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:143:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:147:	Local variable 'player1' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:148:	Local variable 'token1' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:149:	Local variable 'token2' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:150:	Local variable 'token3' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:151:	Local variable 'token4' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:152:	Local variable 'token5' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:166:	Local variable 'player2' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:167:	Local variable 'token6' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:168:	Local variable 'token7' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:169:	Local variable 'token8' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:170:	Local variable 'token9' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:183:	Local variable 'player3' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:184:	Local variable 'token10' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:185:	Local variable 'token11' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:186:	Local variable 'token12' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:200:	Local variable 'player4' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:201:	Local variable 'token13' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:202:	Local variable 'token14' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:210:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:215:	Local variable 'player5' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:216:	Local variable 'token15' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:227:	Local variable 'player6' could be declared final
tests/controller/GameboardControllerTest.java:228:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:7:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.After'
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.AfterClass'
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:13:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.BeforeClass'
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:27:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:27:	headerCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:33:	Perhaps 'onitamaController' could be replaced by a local variable.
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:34:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'playerController'.
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:34:	Perhaps 'playerController' could be replaced by a local variable.
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:35:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'player'.
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:36:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'player2'.
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:37:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'gameState'.
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:37:	Perhaps 'gameState' could be replaced by a local variable.
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:39:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'gameBoard'.
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like highScoreController
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:40:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the highScoreController field if you want a default access modifier
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:40:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:49:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:50:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:60:	Method names should not start with capital letters
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:63:	Local variable 'highScoreList' could be declared final
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:64:	Local variable 'highScoreEntry1' could be declared final
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:65:	Local variable 'highScoreEntry2' could be declared final
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:66:	Local variable 'highScoreEntry3' could be declared final
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:67:	Local variable 'highScoreEntry4' could be declared final
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:81:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '81'-'87').
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:85:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/HighScoreTest.java:87:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:24:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onitamaController field if you want a default access modifier
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:24:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:30:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:30:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:37:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:37:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:46:	Local variable 'onitama' could be declared final
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:55:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:63:	Avoid excessively long variable names like highscoreController
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:63:	Local variable 'highscoreController' could be declared final
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:68:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:72:	Avoid excessively long variable names like newHighscoreController
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:72:	Local variable 'newHighscoreController' could be declared final
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:77:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:80:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'emptyHighscoreList' (lines '80'-'80').
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:80:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'highscoreList' (lines '80'-'80').
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:81:	Avoid excessively long variable names like highscoreController
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:81:	Local variable 'highscoreController' could be declared final
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:82:	Local variable 'game' could be declared final
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:85:	Avoid excessively long variable names like emptyHighscoreList
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:85:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'emptyHighscoreList' (lines '85'-'91').
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:85:	Local variable 'emptyHighscoreList' could be declared final
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:86:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:86:	Useless parentheses.
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:88:	Local variable 'highscoreList' could be declared final
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:89:	Useless parentheses.
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:94:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:97:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'firstEntry' (lines '97'-'97').
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:97:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'highscoreController' (lines '97'-'97').
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:97:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'highscoreList' (lines '97'-'97').
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:97:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'secondEntry' (lines '97'-'97').
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:97:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:98:	Avoid excessively long variable names like highscoreController
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:98:	Local variable 'highscoreController' could be declared final
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:99:	Useless parentheses.
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:101:	Local variable 'highscoreList' could be declared final
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:102:	Useless parentheses.
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:104:	Local variable 'firstEntry' could be declared final
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:105:	Local variable 'secondEntry' could be declared final
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:108:	Useless parentheses.
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:110:	Useless parentheses.
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:114:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:118:	Avoid excessively long variable names like highscoreController
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:118:	Local variable 'highscoreController' could be declared final
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:126:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'highscoreController' (lines '126'-'126').
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:126:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:127:	Avoid excessively long variable names like highscoreController
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:127:	Local variable 'highscoreController' could be declared final
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:128:	Useless parentheses.
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:146:	Avoid excessively long variable names like highscoreController
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:146:	Local variable 'highscoreController' could be declared final
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:148:	Local variable 'highscoreList' could be declared final
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:159:	Avoid excessively long variable names like highscoreController
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:159:	Local variable 'highscoreController' could be declared final
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:161:	Local variable 'highscoreList' could be declared final
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/HighscoreControllerTest.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.function.Predicate'
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like movementController
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:30:	Perhaps 'onitamaController' could be replaced by a local variable.
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:31:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'playerController'.
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:31:	Perhaps 'playerController' could be replaced by a local variable.
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:35:	Perhaps 'onitama' could be replaced by a local variable.
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:37:	Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:41:	Avoid excessively long variable names like possibleMovementsList
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:41:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:41:	Local variable 'possibleGameMove' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:49:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:49:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:56:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:56:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:82:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:87:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:90:	Avoid really long methods.
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:92:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:92:	Local variable 'cardDistribution' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:93:	Local variable 'gameCards' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:94:	Local variable 'gameCards2' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:95:	Local variable 'gameMoves' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:99:	Local variable 'players' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:107:	Local variable 'tokenDefeated' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:129:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:132:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:133:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:134:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:135:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:150:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:151:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:152:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:153:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:154:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:155:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:173:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:176:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:177:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:178:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:179:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:185:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:188:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:189:	Local variable 'possibleMovements' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:192:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:207:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:212:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:212:	Local variable 'cardDistribution' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:213:	Local variable 'gameCards' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:214:	Local variable 'gameCards2' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:215:	Local variable 'gameMoves' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:219:	Local variable 'players' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:220:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:227:	Local variable 'tokenDefeated' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:247:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:251:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:255:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:262:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:266:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:270:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:274:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:277:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:278:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:279:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:280:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:284:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:284:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:284:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:286:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'possibleMovements' (lines '286'-'296').
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:286:	Local variable 'possibleMovements' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:300:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:305:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:305:	Local variable 'cardDistribution' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:306:	Local variable 'gameCards' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:307:	Local variable 'gameCards2' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:308:	Local variable 'gameMoves' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:312:	Local variable 'players' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:313:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:314:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:320:	Local variable 'tokenDefeated' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:340:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:354:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:354:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:355:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:358:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:359:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:362:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:363:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:367:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:370:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:371:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:372:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:373:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:379:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:379:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:379:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:382:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'possibleMovements' (lines '382'-'391').
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:382:	Local variable 'possibleMovements' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:394:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:395:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:398:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:401:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:401:	Local variable 'cardDistribution' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:402:	Local variable 'gameCards' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:403:	Local variable 'gameCards2' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:404:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'gameMoves'.
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:404:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'gameMoves' (lines '404'-'469').
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:404:	Local variable 'gameMoves' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:411:	Local variable 'players' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:412:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:413:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:419:	Local variable 'tokenDefeated' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:420:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:431:	Local variable 'gameMoveRegular' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:433:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:449:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:450:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:460:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:460:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:460:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:473:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:478:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:478:	Local variable 'cardDistribution' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:479:	Local variable 'gameCards' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:480:	Local variable 'gameCards2' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:481:	Local variable 'gameMoves' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:485:	Local variable 'players' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:486:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:487:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:493:	Local variable 'tokenDefeated' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:515:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:519:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:523:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:530:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:530:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:531:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:534:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:535:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:538:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:539:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:543:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:546:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:547:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:548:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:549:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:555:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:555:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:555:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:557:	Local variable 'possibleMovements' could be declared final
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:558:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:561:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/MovementControllerTest.java:561:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:8:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:25:	Avoid unused imports such as 'model.Vector'
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:27:	The class 'NewGameControllerTest' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:27:	The class 'NewGameControllerTest' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:27:	The class 'NewGameControllerTest' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:27:	headerCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:28:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'currentGame'.
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:33:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:33:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:37:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:37:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:42:	Local variable 'onitama' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:50:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:54:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:57:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '57'-'64').
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:57:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:59:	Local variable 'currentGame' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:62:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'map' (lines '62'-'67').
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:62:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:63:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:71:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:75:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '75'-'88').
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:75:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pc' (lines '75'-'84').
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:75:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'pt' (lines '75'-'83').
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:75:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:75:	The method 'testSetPlayer' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:75:	The method 'testSetPlayer' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:75:	The method 'testSetPlayer' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:77:	Local variable 'currentGame' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:78:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:79:	Local variable 'playertypes' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:80:	Local variable 'playercolors' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:81:	Local variable 'pt' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:82:	Local variable 'pc' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:83:	Local variable 'type' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:84:	Local variable 'color' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:85:	Local variable 'size' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:86:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'containsColor' (lines '86'-'89').
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:87:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'containsColor' (lines '89'-'89').
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:98:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'containsColor' (lines '98'-'101').
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:99:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:101:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'containsColor' (lines '101'-'101').
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:107:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:118:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:118:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:119:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:123:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:125:	Local variable 'currentGame' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:126:	Local variable 'currentGameState' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:127:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:128:	Avoid variables with short names like p1
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:128:	Local variable 'p1' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:132:	Avoid variables with short names like p2
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:132:	Local variable 'p2' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:149:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:151:	Local variable 'currentGame' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:166:	Local variable 'newCurrentGame' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:186:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:188:	Local variable 'currentGame' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:203:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:215:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:222:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:226:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:226:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:226:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:232:	Local variable 'player' could be declared final
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:239:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:247:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:251:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:251:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:251:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:255:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:258:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:258:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:258:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:259:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:259:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:259:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:272:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:277:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:292:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/NewGameControllerTest.java:313:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/OnitamaControllerTest.java:16:	Avoid unused imports such as 'controller.OnitamaController'
tests/controller/OnitamaControllerTest.java:16:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
tests/controller/OnitamaControllerTest.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/OnitamaControllerTest.java:26:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the onitama field if you want a default access modifier
tests/controller/OnitamaControllerTest.java:26:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
tests/controller/OnitamaControllerTest.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/OnitamaControllerTest.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/OnitamaControllerTest.java:27:	To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the game field if you want a default access modifier
tests/controller/OnitamaControllerTest.java:27:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
tests/controller/OnitamaControllerTest.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/OnitamaControllerTest.java:33:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/OnitamaControllerTest.java:33:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/OnitamaControllerTest.java:40:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/OnitamaControllerTest.java:40:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/OnitamaControllerTest.java:56:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/OnitamaControllerTest.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/OnitamaControllerTest.java:61:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
tests/controller/OnitamaControllerTest.java:72:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/OnitamaControllerTest.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:11:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:21:	Avoid unused imports such as 'model.GameCard'
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:26:	Avoid unused imports such as 'model.PlayerColor'
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:27:	Avoid unused imports such as 'model.PlayerType'
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:41:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:43:	Perhaps 'onitama' could be replaced by a local variable.
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:44:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'gameBoard'.
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:50:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:50:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:57:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:57:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:70:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:71:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:86:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:91:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:94:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:99:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:102:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:104:	Local variable 'players' could be declared final
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:109:	Local variable 'gameBoard' could be declared final
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:112:	Local variable 'master1' could be declared final
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:113:	Local variable 'token1' could be declared final
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:114:	Local variable 'token2' could be declared final
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:115:	Local variable 'token3' could be declared final
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:116:	Local variable 'token4' could be declared final
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:127:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:132:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:137:	Use assertSame(x, y) instead of assertTrue(x==y), or assertNotSame(x,y) vs assertFalse(x==y)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:159:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:159:	Use assertSame(x, y) instead of assertTrue(x==y), or assertNotSame(x,y) vs assertFalse(x==y)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:163:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:168:	Local variable 'token5' could be declared final
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:178:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:183:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:184:	Local variable 'players' could be declared final
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:189:	Local variable 'gameBoard' could be declared final
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:198:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:199:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:199:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:202:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:209:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:209:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:212:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'game2'.
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:212:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'game2' (lines '212'-'236').
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:212:	Local variable 'game2' could be declared final
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:214:	Local variable 'gameStateNew' could be declared final
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:215:	Local variable 'gameStateNew2' could be declared final
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:216:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:217:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:217:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:218:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:227:	Local variable 'players' could be declared final
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:228:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:229:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:232:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:232:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:234:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:234:	Use assertSame(x, y) instead of assertTrue(x==y), or assertNotSame(x,y) vs assertFalse(x==y)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/PlayerControllerTest.java:235:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SampleLogicControllerTest.java:8:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
tests/controller/SampleLogicControllerTest.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/SampleLogicControllerTest.java:11:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/SampleLogicControllerTest.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/SampleLogicControllerTest.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:22:	headerCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:25:	Perhaps 'newGameController' could be replaced by a local variable.
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:27:	Avoid excessively long variable names like gameStateController
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:28:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'novice'.
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:28:	Perhaps 'novice' could be replaced by a local variable.
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:32:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:32:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:36:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:36:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:41:	Local variable 'onitama' could be declared final
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:46:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:48:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:49:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:57:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:61:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'card' (lines '61'-'66').
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:61:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'p' (lines '61'-'65').
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:61:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:63:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'map' (lines '63'-'95').
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:63:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'map' (lines '63'-'106').
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:64:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:65:	Local variable 'card' could be declared final
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:66:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:68:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:70:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:71:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:74:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:76:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:77:	Local variable 'currentGameState' could be declared final
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:79:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextMove' (lines '79'-'81').
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:79:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nextMove' (lines '79'-'86').
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:82:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:85:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:92:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:95:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'map' (lines '95'-'95').
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:95:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'map' (lines '95'-'106').
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:96:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:97:	Local variable 'card' could be declared final
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:98:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:100:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:102:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:103:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:109:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:109:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:113:	Document empty method body
tests/controller/SenseiAIControllerTest.java:113:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:9:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Arrays'
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:14:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.Test'
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:22:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:29:	Local variable 'onitama' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:39:	Local variable 'game' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:42:	Local variable 'fourPlayers' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:52:	Local variable 'onitama' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:62:	Local variable 'game' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:65:	Local variable 'threePlayers' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:70:	Avoid really long methods.
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:70:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'gameStates' (lines '70'-'70').
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:70:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'players' (lines '70'-'70').
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:71:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:72:	Local variable 'game' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:74:	Avoid excessively long variable names like initialCardDistribution
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:74:	Local variable 'initialCardDistribution' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:75:	Local variable 'players' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:76:	Useless parentheses.
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:77:	Local variable 'winningPlayerHand' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:80:	Local variable 'losingPlayerHand' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:97:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:98:	Local variable 'gameStates' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:99:	Local variable 'firstGameState' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:100:	Local variable 'secondGameState' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:101:	Avoid excessively long variable names like secondCurrentPlayer
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:101:	Local variable 'secondCurrentPlayer' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:102:	Local variable 'secondGameboard' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:103:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like secondCurrentMaster
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:105:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:105:	Local variable 'secondCurrentMaster' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:106:	Avoid excessively long variable names like winningNovicePosition
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:106:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:106:	Local variable 'winningNovicePosition' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:107:	Local variable 'winningNovice' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:108:	Local variable 'firstMove' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:112:	Avoid excessively long variable names like secondCardDistribution
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:112:	Local variable 'secondCardDistribution' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:113:	Avoid excessively long variable names like secondCurrentPlayerCards
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:113:	Local variable 'secondCurrentPlayerCards' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:127:	Local variable 'newGameBoard' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:128:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:128:	Local variable 'newMove' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:132:	Local variable 'thirdGameState' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:133:	Avoid excessively long variable names like thirdCurrentPlayer
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:133:	Local variable 'thirdCurrentPlayer' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:134:	Local variable 'thirdGameboard' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:135:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:139:	Local variable 'losingMaster' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:140:	Local variable 'secondMove' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:144:	Avoid excessively long variable names like thirdCardDistribution
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:144:	Local variable 'thirdCardDistribution' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:145:	Avoid excessively long variable names like thirdCurrentPlayerCards
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:145:	Local variable 'thirdCurrentPlayerCards' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:159:	Local variable 'nextGameBoard' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:160:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:160:	Local variable 'nextMove' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:163:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:165:	Useless parentheses.
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:172:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:173:	Local variable 'game' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:175:	Local variable 'currentGameState' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:175:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:176:	Local variable 'nextGameState' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:177:	Local variable 'currentPlayer' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:178:	Local variable 'currentGameboard' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:180:	Avoid excessively long variable names like winningCurrentMaster
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:180:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:180:	Local variable 'winningCurrentMaster' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:181:	Avoid excessively long variable names like winningNovicePosition
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:181:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:181:	Local variable 'winningNovicePosition' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:182:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:183:	Local variable 'winningNovice' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:183:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:184:	Local variable 'nextMove' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:184:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:186:	Local variable 'roundNumber' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:188:	Local variable 'cardDistribution' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:189:	Avoid excessively long variable names like currentPlayerCards
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:189:	Local variable 'currentPlayerCards' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:192:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:195:	Local variable 'players' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:196:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:204:	Local variable 'nextGameBoard' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:205:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:205:	Local variable 'newMove' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:205:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:207:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:211:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:212:	Local variable 'gameStates' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:213:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:214:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:215:	System.out.println is used
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:224:	Parameter 'gameBoard' is not assigned and could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:224:	Parameter 'player' is not assigned and could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:227:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:227:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:227:	Local variable 'position' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:228:	Local variable 'currentToken' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:229:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:229:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:241:	Local variable 'player1' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:242:	Local variable 'player2' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:243:	Local variable 'player3' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:244:	Local variable 'players' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:256:	Local variable 'player1' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:257:	Local variable 'player2' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:258:	Local variable 'player3' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:259:	Local variable 'player4' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestDataFactory.java:260:	Local variable 'players' could be declared final
tests/controller/TestergebnisseSensei.java:3:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
tests/controller/TestergebnisseSensei.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:16:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'tokenCount' is not all capitals.
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:17:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'gameBoardSize' is not all capitals.
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:19:	Perhaps 'redPlayer' could be replaced by a local variable.
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:20:	Perhaps 'bluePlayer' could be replaced by a local variable.
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:21:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'redTokens'.
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:21:	Perhaps 'redTokens' could be replaced by a local variable.
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:30:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:30:	Document empty method body
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:37:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:37:	Document empty method body
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:54:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:54:	Local variable 'redToken' could be declared final
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:55:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:55:	Local variable 'blueToken' could be declared final
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:60:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:61:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:69:	Document empty method body
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:73:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:75:	Local variable 'targetToken' could be declared final
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:78:	Avoid empty catch blocks
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:80:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:86:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:87:	System.out.println is used
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:89:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:96:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:102:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:103:	System.out.println is used
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:107:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/GameBoardTest.java:108:	System.out.println is used
tests/model/GameCardTest.java:22:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/model/GameCardTest.java:22:	Document empty method body
tests/model/GameCardTest.java:29:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/model/GameCardTest.java:29:	Document empty method body
tests/model/GameCardTest.java:36:	Document empty method body
tests/model/GameCardTest.java:43:	Document empty method body
tests/model/GameCardTest.java:47:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'card' (lines '47'-'49').
tests/model/GameCardTest.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/GameCardTest.java:48:	Local variable 'card' could be declared final
tests/model/GameCardTest.java:49:	System.out.println is used
tests/model/GameTest.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/GameTest.java:14:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/model/GameTest.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/GameTest.java:17:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/model/GameTest.java:17:	Document empty method body
tests/model/GameTest.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/GameTest.java:21:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/model/GameTest.java:21:	Document empty method body
tests/model/GameTest.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/GameTest.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/GameTest.java:30:	Document empty method body
tests/model/GameTest.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/GameTest.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/GameTest.java:35:	System.out.println is used
tests/model/GameTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/model/GameTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/model/GameTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/model/GameTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/model/GameTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/model/GameTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/model/GameTest.java:36:	System.out.println is used
tests/model/GameTest.java:37:	assertTrue(true) or similar statements are unnecessary
tests/model/GameTest.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/GameTest.java:42:	System.out.println is used
tests/model/GameTest.java:43:	Local variable 'players' could be declared final
tests/model/GameTest.java:45:	Local variable 'yellow' could be declared final
tests/model/GameTest.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/model/GameTest.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/model/GameTest.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/model/GameTest.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/model/GameTest.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/model/GameTest.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/model/GameTest.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/model/GameTest.java:48:	System.out.println is used
tests/model/GameTest.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/GameTest.java:54:	System.out.println is used
tests/model/GameTest.java:55:	Local variable 'players' could be declared final
tests/model/GameTest.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/model/GameTest.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/model/GameTest.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/model/GameTest.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/model/GameTest.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/model/GameTest.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/model/GameTest.java:61:	System.out.println is used
tests/model/VectorTest.java:20:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/model/VectorTest.java:20:	Document empty method body
tests/model/VectorTest.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/VectorTest.java:24:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/model/VectorTest.java:24:	Document empty method body
tests/model/VectorTest.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/VectorTest.java:28:	Document empty method body
tests/model/VectorTest.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/VectorTest.java:32:	Document empty method body
tests/model/VectorTest.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/VectorTest.java:36:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
tests/model/VectorTest.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/model/VectorTest.java:37:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
tests/model/VectorTest.java:37:	Local variable 'oneRight' could be declared final
tests/model/VectorTest.java:38:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
tests/model/VectorTest.java:38:	Local variable 'oneUp' could be declared final
tests/model/VectorTest.java:39:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
tests/model/VectorTest.java:39:	Local variable 'oneDown' could be declared final
tests/model/VectorTest.java:40:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
tests/model/VectorTest.java:40:	Local variable 'oneLeft' could be declared final
tests/model/VectorTest.java:45:	Local variable 'redPlayer' could be declared final
tests/model/VectorTest.java:46:	Local variable 'yellowPlayer' could be declared final
tests/model/VectorTest.java:47:	Local variable 'bluePlayer' could be declared final
tests/model/VectorTest.java:48:	Local variable 'purplePlayer' could be declared final
tests/model/VectorTest.java:49:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
tests/model/VectorTest.java:49:	Local variable 'rotatedUp' could be declared final
tests/model/VectorTest.java:50:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
tests/model/VectorTest.java:50:	Local variable 'rotatedLeft' could be declared final
tests/model/VectorTest.java:51:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
tests/model/VectorTest.java:51:	Local variable 'rotatedDown' could be declared final
tests/model/VectorTest.java:53:	System.out.println is used
tests/model/VectorTest.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/model/VectorTest.java:54:	System.out.println is used
tests/model/VectorTest.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/model/VectorTest.java:55:	System.out.println is used
tests/model/VectorTest.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/model/VectorTest.java:56:	System.out.println is used
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:12:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:14:	This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:16:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:19:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:21:	Local variable 'onitama' could be declared final
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:34:	Parameter 'primaryStage' is not assigned and could be declared final
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:37:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '37'-'40').
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:38:	Local variable 'fxmlLoader' could be declared final
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:40:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '40'-'57').
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:41:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:42:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:44:	Local variable 'gameCanvas' could be declared final
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:47:	Local variable 'scene' could be declared final
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:54:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:55:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:59:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
tests/view/GameCanvasViewControllerTest.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:11:	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:13:	This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:15:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:18:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:20:	Local variable 'onitama' could be declared final
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:25:	Parameter 'primaryStage' is not assigned and could be declared final
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:28:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '28'-'31').
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:29:	Local variable 'fxmlLoader' could be declared final
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:31:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '31'-'49').
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:32:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:33:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:35:	Comment is too large: Line too long
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:38:	Local variable 'mainController' could be declared final
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:41:	Local variable 'scene' could be declared final
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:46:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:47:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:51:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
tests/view/MainMenuViewControllerTest.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
